
    Candidate:Our client is looking for people who have shown a real involvement in university life/extracurricular activities and actively sought challenges and positions of responsibility. Your strong intellect must be demonstrated by a 1st or 2.1 degree in any discipline from a UK top 10 or Russell Group university.Candidates must have at least 3 months - 2 years’ prior work or internship experience in a corporate or professional services organisation. A second language is a bonus but not essential. Please do not apply if you do not possess the above citeria.Graduate Analyst London At this exciting and busy time we have an opportunity for a Graduate Analyst to join the UK’s pre-eminent executive search (or head hunting) firm. Our dedicated Analysts work with individual Practices, providing and sharing intelligence. The Practices within Our clients function as integrated teams; our dedicated policy Analysts work with individual Practices, providing and sharing intelligence. Our client is Number One by market share in the UK Executive Search marketplace, Number Two in Europe and Number Six worldwide. This is a role focused on Financial Services and the impact various issues and policies have on our client base. We are looking to recruit a full-time Analyst, to support our FS team and to help us track and assess the development of various issues and policies to help us understand and identify, new target areas and current and future issues that may affect our clients. Role:  ¾ You will be responsible for delivering - to a high standard of concision and clarity - written and verbal briefings on the impact of your findings on organisations and our markets in the Financial Services and related areas.  ¾ You will also contribute to our understanding of the issues facing specific Financial Services organisations and will be expected to support specific commercial processes (pitches, proposals, salary surveys, etc.) when needs arise.  ¾ You will also need to liaise closely with our Business Intelligence Unit and other Analysts in other practices.  The Person:  ¾ You must have strong communication and interpersonal skills and the ability to build relationships and credibility with a variety of professionals and stakeholders at Board level  ¾ You will have a keen interest in matters of UK Financial Services and the ability to summarise complex positions, policy papers and arguments quickly and concisely. ¾ You will be able to work independently to deliver high-quality briefings to tight deadlines and flexibly, to produce a wide range of written products according to need.  ¾ Demonstrate a willingness to learn from others and develop through hard work and tenacity. As well as working across the team and helping out where necessary when capacity allows 
  